Add SNP-style virtual attestations, restoring code update tests (#6770)
microsoft/CCF: doc/audit/builtin_maps.rst

   * - ``cae46d1...bb908b64e``
     - ``ALLOWED_TO_JOIN``

``nodes.virtual.host_data``
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> Virtual table mimicking SNP host_data, restricting which host_data values may be presented by new nodes joining the network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Map mimicking SNP host_data for virtual nodes, restricting which host_data values may be presented by new nodes joining the network.
```

Virtual table makes it sound more special than it really is I think.
